<details>
<summary>
<h3>

Problem Analysis
</h3>

Now that we have a basic understanding of the concepts we need to know, we can start to ask some critical questions.
</summary>
<p>

As a programmer we need to understand the problem that we are trying to solve. Here's a run through of the questions that pop up in my head.

1. What is the purpose of the auction?

> Our purpose is to create a DApp that autonomously runs a safe and secure auction that allows users to buy and sell items.

2. What is the value of the NFT being auctioned?

> The value of the NFT is determined by the owner of the NFT.

3. What is the minimum bid?

> For simplicity, we can use the asset price as the minimum bid.

4. What is the duration of the auction?

> The duration of the auction can be fixed or can be determined by the deployer of the DApp.

5. How will the auction be conducted?

> The auction will be conducted by the DApp itself.

6. What is the NFT being auctioned?

> Again, for simplicity, we will limit the auctioned NFT's to images.

7. How many bidders are there?

> Ideally, we would love to have as many bidders as possible.

10. When is the auction over?

> The auction will be over when the auction duration has elapsed.

11. How will the auction be secured?

> The auction will be secured using Reach programming language.
</p>

These questions are pertinent to the development of an internal conversation. However, 
because we are developing a DApp, we can reframe the problem by limiting the questions 
to defining the data that we expect the DApp to handle:

<details>
<summary>
<h4>

Performing Data Analysis.
</h4>

Turning the information, we know to data.
</summary>
<p>
<ol>
<li>
<h5>

What information does the DApp need to track?
</h5>

- The NFT being auctioned.

- The NFT price.

- The NFT amount.

- The auction duration.

- The NFT owner.

- The last bid.

- The latest bid.

- Bidder Address.
</li>
<li>
<h5>

What information does the DApp need to display?
</h5>

Each participant in the auction will require the following information:

 - The NFT being auctioned.

 - The NFT price.

 - The NFT amount.

 - The auction duration.

 However, depending on the role of the participant, the auction may limit how much information each participant has access to.

 If the participant is an auctioneer, for example, they can access functions that only they have access to. Such as:

  - Adding a NFT to the contract.

  - Deciding when the auction will start.


  The bidder, on the other hand, does not need to know much. In fact, once a bidder joins the DApp, all they need to see is the highest bid price.
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How should the app handle user input?
</h5>

The DApp needs to differentiate private data and public data. Private data should only be accessible to a local computer while public data can be displayed
on the blockchain.
</li>

</ol>
</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>
<h4>

Functional Requirements.
</h4>

In this section, we look at the functions provided by the Reach language that we can use to run the auction.
</summary>
<p>
<ol>
<li>
<h5>

How can we create a new DApp in Reach.
</h5>

We'll have to take a look at the Reach syntax to conform to the methods available to us?
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How will we send the NFT to the contract?
</h5>

To ensure that the DApp is truly decentralized, we'll need the deployer to forfeit ownership of the NFT until the 
auction is over.
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How can we publish the NFT being auctioned to the blockchain.
</h5>

We'll have to make the NFT information public to all participants.
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How can we allow a bidder to OPT-IN to the DApp.
</h5>

There has to be a frontend mechanism that allows the bidder to opt-in to the DApp
and place a bid.
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How will we perform transfers?
</h5>

Once the auction is done, we'll need to transfer the highest bid to the Auctioneer and the NFT to the winner.
</li>
</ol>
</p>
</details>
<details>
<summary>
<h4>

Consensus Mechanisms.
</h4>

We'll also need to look at what Reach offers when it comes to consensus.
</summary>
<p>

Reaching consensus means that all parties involved in a decision-making process agree on a course of action. This can be difficult to achieve, especially when there are multiple stakeholders with different interests and goals. However, consensus can be reached through careful deliberation and compromise.

<ol>
<li>
<h5>

How can we ensure that the auction is conducted in a safe and secure manner?
</h5>
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How can we secure data that is private?
</h5>
</li>
<li>
<h5>

How can we run an open auction on the blockchain?
</h5>
</li>
</ol>
</p>
</details>
</details>